Hi.
Welcome.
Now over.
You are going to have a arbor.
Okay, let's do this.
We're going to need to go back to our site code and then we're going to go to the car screen.
Okay.
And now we can use culture and beats to make this white.
Now this scaffold has a property known as App Bar.
Hub.
Well, ah.
Okay.
It's going to be harbor widgets.
Now, this harbor has the property known as title.
This is going to be a test widget.
For the now he's just going to say cards.
Item counts.
Okay.
The OC says it's okay.
Now use control and it's safe and good to get out.
Are you going to see the wire?
Okay.
Now we can change the background color.
We can.
The ABA has the property background color.
You can say colors.
That's probably why it's.
17.
We're just going to check.
It's going to look like.
Okay.
And for the test, you can also tie.
Exclude test sti.
We can't say color is going to be colors that.
BLOCK okay.
Okay.
Now.
Oh, yeah.
We can't have an icon.
Okay.
Not to do that.
We'll have an icon at the right side of the harbor as a property within the harbor.
Right.
Okay.
We're going to come back from the test, which does it for putting on this action.
Now we're going to use the icon button.
I think you can see it as your press.
We can't leave this empty for now and we can use the icon widgets.
Is going to be basically easy.
Cupertino.
Cooper see no icons that seem like trash.
Okay.
Critical critical editorial core and use culture and as a safe.
You can see to my right.
Not like I will always say, you don't really need to follow these updates I'm using.
You don't need to follow the callers.
I'm using it.
You can as well go with yours.
Right.
So you don't really need to use all the same as that callers I'm using.
Okay, now what's you can do over here?
We can.
Okay.
We can increase the font size.
Two.
Probably 17.
Okay.
And we can say fun tweets.
It's going to haunt Sweets.
Dart.
They'll w.
500.
We don't want it to be that boat.
Okay.
Great.
Probably okay.
This creates.
Okay.
And in this lecture, we're going to have the checkout button.
And over here they're going to have the tutor and the total price displayed.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.